Q. Define an Algotithm
A. A process or set of certains steps to solve a problem
   Almost everything that you do in programming involves Algotithms

Q. How do you Improve at Algotithm?
A. Devise a plan for problem solving
   Master common problems solving patterns

Q. Problem Solving Approach
A. 1.Understand a problem
   2.Explore concrete examples
   3.Break it down
   4.Solve/Simplify
   5.Look Back and Refactor

Q.Understand a problem
A. Ask yourself below set of questions  
1. Can I restate the problem in my own word ?
2. What are the inputs that go into problem ?
3. What are the outputs that should come from the sollution of the problem ?
4. Can the outputs be determined from the inputs? In other words, do I have enough informationto     solve the problem ?
5. How should I label the importatnt pieces of the data that are a part of problem ?
    
E.g. Problem Statement
     Write a problem that takes 2 nos and returns the addition of those nummbers

let's try this problem with above checklist in the mind 
1. Can I restate the problem in my own word ?
So basicaaly we need to add 2 nos and return the addition

2. What are the inputs that go into problem ?
So the inputs are nummbers, if not the should we thorwn an exception or if its nos/\. in form of string, should we convert them to nos and then calculate ?
will the inputs will always be nummbers ?
can we have more than 2 inputs and what should happen in that scenario , should we consider first 2 nos only ?
what if there is only a single num passed, should we return that no. or should we throw an error ?
id the size of no. define or it can be on any length ? if there are large nos should we use string addtion ?

3.What are the outputs that should come from the sollution of the problem ?
Is the expected output shoud be no. ? or it can be a string to support long nos scenarios as we cannot add any length in javascript as it will give infinity

4.Can the outputs be determined from the inputs? In other words, do I have enough informationto     solve the problem ?
If the input is no. , should the output be no. also ? if there are no input shoud we return error or 0

5. How should I label the importatnt pieces of the data that are a part of problem ?
since these is a small problem so we can just confirm on the type of inputs






